.TH esocks 8 "10 June 2015" "0.1" "esocks man page"
.SH NAME
.B esocks
\- tiny socks proxy server
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B esocks
[\fB\-?hvHpalod\fR] [\fB\-\-help\fR] [\fB\-\-version\fR] [\fB\-\-output\fR] [\fB\-\-daemon\fR] [\fB\-\-log\fR \fIfilename\fR] [\fB\-\-host\fR \fIhost_address\fR] [\fB\-\-address\fR \fIhost_address:port\fR] [\fB\-\-port\fR \fIport_num\fR] [\fB--type\fR \fIsocks_type\fR]
[\fB--password\fR \fIpassword\fR] [\fB--login\fR \fIlogin\fR] [\fB--max\fR \fImax_conns\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B esocks
(editor700 socks) - simpliest tiny socks 4/4a/5 proxy server, written on C. Required too few resources and perfectly suitable for thin machines.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-h ", " \-? ", " \-\-help
Print help.
.TP
.BR \-v ", " \-\-version
Print version.
.TP
.BR \-o ", " \-\-output
Print logging output in stdout.
.TP
.BR \-d ", " \-\-daemon
Run server as daemon. (superuser access required)
.TP
.BR \-l ", " \-\-log " " \fIlogfile\fR
Logging into \fIlogfile\fR.
.TP
.BR \-H ", " \-a ", " \-\-host ", " \-\-address " " \fIhost_address:port\fR
Set server listen on \fIhost_address:port\fR. If port omitted, server will listen \fI1080\fR.
.TP
.BR \-p ", " \-\-port " " \fIport_num\fR
Set server listen \fIport_num\fR port.
.TP
.BR \-m ", " \-\-max " " \fImax_conns\fR
Set maximum connections number ", " 0 = no limit.
.TP
.BR \-L ", " \-\-login ", " \-\-username ", " \-\-user " " \fIlogin\fR
Set username for socks5 connection.
.TP
.BR \-P ", " \-\-pass ", " \-\-password " " \fIpassword\fR
Set password for socks5 connection.
.TP
.BR \-t ", " \-\-type " " \fIsocks_type\fR
Set server use specified socks version (4 \- socks4, 5 \- socks4, all \- socks4 and socks5).
.SH SIGNALS
.B esocks
handle the following signals:
.TP
SIGINT, SIGTERM
Shutdown server.
.TP
SIGPIPE
Ignore broken connections.
.SH BUGS
No known bugs.
.br
About all found bugs report to
.B editor700@gmail.com
.SH AUTHOR
Michael Kononenko (editor700@gmail.com)
